1. All the info regarding syllabus can be found in this pdf:
   https://www.pci.nic.in/pdf/14-55_ER_20%20_syllabus_23092021.pdf

a) ER20-11T Pharmaceutics – Theory
   ER20-11P Pharmaceutics – Practical
   
   Pharmaceutics books:
   1. History of Pharmacy in India by Dr. Harikishan Singh
   2. Indian Pharmacopoeia, Govt. of India Publication
   3. A Text book of Pharmaceuticals Formulation by B.M. Mithal, Vallabh
      Prakashan.
   4. Bentleys’ Text book of Pharmaceutics, Editor E.A. Rawlins, Elsevier Int.,
   5. The Theory and Practice of Industrial Pharmacy. Leon Lachman, Herbert
      Lieberman and Joseph Kanig, Editors, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia.
      Varghese Publishing House
   6. Responsible Use of Medicines: A Layman’s Handbook, www.ipapharma.org /
      publications 

b) ER20-12T Pharmaceutical Chemistry – Theory
   ER20-12P Pharmaceutical Chemistry – Practical 
   
   Pharmaceutical Chemistry books:
   1. Medicinal & Pharmaceutical chemistry by Harikishan Singh and VK Kapoor
   2. Wilson and Griswold’s Text book of Organic Medicinal and pharmaceutical
      Chemistry
   3. Practical Organic Chemistry by Mann and Saunders.
   4. Practical Pharmaceutical Chemistry, Volume- I & II by Beckett and J. B.
      Stenlake
   5. Indian Pharmacopoeia
   6. Vogel’s text book of Practical Organic Chemistry 

c) ER20-13T Pharmacognosy – Theory 
   ER20-13P Pharmacognosy – Practical 

   Pharmacognosy books:
   1. Text book of Pharmacognosy by C. K. Kokate, S. B. Gokhale, A.P.
      Purohit, Nirali Prakashan
   2. Text book of Pharmacognosy by C.S. Shah and J. S. Qadry, CBS
      Publishers & Distributors Pvt. Ltd.
   3. Text Book of Pharmacognosy by T. E. Wallis. CBS Publishers & Distributors
      Pvt. Ltd.
   4. Study of crude drugs by M. A. Iyengar, Manipal Press Ltd, Manipal
   5. Powder crude drugs by M. A. Iyengar, Manipal Press Ltd, Manipal
   6. Anatomy of crude drugs by M. A. Iyengar, Manipal Press Ltd, Manipal
   7. Augmented Text Book of Homeopathic Pharmacy by Dr. D D Banerjee, B Jain
      Publishers (P) Ltd 

d) ER20-14T Human Anatomy & Physiology – Theory 
   ER20-14P Human Anatomy & Physiology – Practical 

   Human Anatomy & Physiology books:
   1. Human Physiology by C. C. Chatterjee
   2. Human Anatomy and Physiology by S. Chaudhary and A. Chaudhary
   3. Derasari and Gandhi’s elements of Human Anatomy, Physiology and Health
      Education
   4. S.R. Kale and R.R. Kale, Textbook of Practical Anatomy and Physiology
   5. Ross and Wilson Anatomy and Physiology in Health and illness
   6. Human Anatomy and Physiology by Tortora Gerard J
   7. Fundamentals of Medical Physiology by K. Sambulingam and P Sambulingam
   8. Ranade V.G. Text Book of Practical Physiology
   9. Goyal R.K., Natvar M.P. and Shah S.A., Practical Anatomy, Physiology and
      Biochemistry, Experimental Physiology 

e) ER20-15T Social Pharmacy – Theory
   ER20-15P Social Pharmacy – Practical 

   Social Pharmacy books: 
   1. Social Pharmacy – Innovation and development. Geoff Harding, Sarah
      Nettleton and Kevin Taylor. The Pharmaceutical Press.
   2. Text Book of Community Pharmacy Practice. RPSGB Publication
   3. Community Pharmacy Handbook- Jonathan Waterfield
   4. S Khurana, P Suresh and R Kalsi. Health Education & Community Pharmacy. S
      Vikas & Co
   5. Social Pharmacy: Tayler, Geoffrey. Pharmaceutical Press. London.
   6. Textbook by Dandiya PC, Zafer ZYK, Zafer A. Health education & Community
      Pharmacy. Vallabh Prakashan.
   7. Websites of Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, National Health Portal
   8. Pharmacists at the Frontlines: A Novel Approach at Combating TB
      www.ipapharma.org Visit Publications
   9. Where There Is No Doctor: A Village Health Care Handbook by David Werner
      ,2015 updated version
   10.Various WHO publications www.who.int
